- What is up, my clan?
Welcome to Tuesday, day 1033?
Already had lunch with my
friend Fred for taco Tuesday
and then stopped in the office
to say hello to my old team.
Hello old team.
It was really great to see all their faces
and say hi and to hear that a lot of them,
are actually watching the vlogs.
So, a lot of them are
watching this right now.
Hi, hello, hi.
But now, I am on my way to a coffee shop,
a nice coffee shop to get some work done
and then eventually have a little meet up.
Tiffany is out and about with her sister
and her friends for lunch and shopping
and I doubt that she's shooting
any video at all right now
because she's not with the kids
and she tends to only vlog with the kids
or when the kids are around.
And that's really the
only time she ever vlogs.
Cause when I'm around,
she doesn't vlog at all.
She barely picks up the
camera if I'm around,
she's like, oh I'm off the clock.
It doesn't work that
way, Tiffany. It doesn't.
(loud background noise)
You guys, this is awesome.
I'm sitting here at Elevate Coffee Company
just hacking away on my laptop.
Replying to comments, replying to e-mails,
replying to Tweets.
Watching Youtube videos,
just soaking in the ambiance,
the atmosphere that a coffee shop has,
even though I have my earbuds in
there's still people walking
in and out, there's music,
there's just the hustle and bustle
and I could get used to this.
I think I need to do this
at least once a week.
Just find a cool coffee shop,
sit in for, ya know, four, five hours
and kinda recharge the batteries. Yeah.
(loud background noise)
Alright guys, so people
have started to show up
for the Wordpress meet-up.
And so, I thought I'd
take this opportunity
to go grab a quick bite to eat,
since I have so many awesome
choices here at Norterra
and then head on back for
the start of the meet-up.
And dinner is served.
Going solo tonight, Pita Jungle.
Got cilantro and jalapeno hummus
with seared ahi tuna.
Some scallops that I already ate
and some Mediterranean olives. What?
- Hey guys. We haven't vlogged in awhile,
sorry 'about that.
We've been playing with friends
and me and Bryce have
been playing with friends
and mommy was watching TV shows.
So now, it's dinner time.
- We're missin' daddy.
- He went to jail.
(laughing)
- That's not funny, silly goose.
Daddy's at a meet-up, coffee shop,
doin' some stuff.
So. Yeah, we made dinner
a little simple tonight.
Just a little tostadas, it
kinda looks like sloppy joes.
But it's actually turkey
meat and salsa beans.
Oh, I forgot the lettuce, will
you get the lettuce, Ciara?
- [Bryce] I'll get it.
- Let's make some tostadas.
I'm gonna make some
tostadas, how do you make
- [Voiceover] You're gonna need a bigger
scoop than that, girlfriend.
- [Bryce] (mumbling)
Let me show you how. (mumbling)
- [Voiceover] Let's speed
this process up a tad.
Bloop, it's kinda runny.
- So much for a big scoop.
- [Voiceover] Put some
lettuce, what else do you want?
Cheese? Salsa?
- Oh yeah, let's do the cheese.
- [Voiceover] Where is the cheese?
We're missing everything.
- Mmm.
- Oh man, belly is full of awesome food
I love Pita Jungle.
It's probably one of my
favorite restaurants.
I don't get to go there very often
because they're kind of
scattered throughout.
And nothing really, super close.
But, so good.
(loud talking)
- Am I totally gonna be in the vlog now?
- [Voiceover] Totally, totally.
- Goodnight guys, see you tomorrow.
- [Voiceover] I guess that's it for today,
I'll see you guys tomorrow. Bye.
- Goodnight, see you tomorrow.
Goodnight, see you tomorrow.
- Alright you guys, just wrapped things up
with the North West
Valley Wordpress meet-up.
And, met some really cool people.
A few people actually
already knew who I was,
watched the vlogs,
so hello to all you awesome people
that I met tonight, for the first time
that all knew who I was.
After the meet-up we
stopped and had a drink,
few people had some dinner,
continued the conversation, if you will.
And now it's late and I'm tired,
and I'm ready to go home
and I have a long drive because I'm like,
again, as usual 45 minutes
away from where I live.
So, there's that.
Well guys, I think I said
in the coffee shop earlier,
but this, today was
exactly the type of day
that I wanna have in the future.
Like, working at a coffee shop,
at a co-working space, wherever.
Like, up and out of the
house at a decent time,
socializing with people,
getting stuff done,
and just feeling
productive and being happy.
Even though I'm my own boss
and doing what I want, when I want.
Being at my house and being in my pajamas
and kind of going throughout the day
without really showering or moving around.
Like, it plays with my head.
And it kinda sets my mood
and my tone off a little bit.
Definitely felt more productive
getting up out of the house
and it was a great day,
had a good time for sure.
I have no idea what Tiffany
and the kids did tonight,
I didn't see any check-ins,
me and Tiffany didn't really talk,
so hopefully it was a great video.
If you liked it, give it a thumbs up,
if not, sorry, there's always tomorrow.
Speaking of tomorrow, NFL Experience.
We are going downtown
for the NFL Experience.
I have no idea what to expect,
I got a little, little bit of
a taste of it this weekend,
walking down there for Monster Jam.
There is stuff everywhere,
there is stages,
there's people everywhere.
So, stay tuned, tomorrow
should be an awesome, awesome day.
We'll see you then.
Vlog on.
Well there you go guys,
hope you enjoyed that vlog.
If you did, be sure to
give it a thumbs up.
On the screen, two more really fun videos,
these videos are awesome.
One year ago, we were still dealing
with our lice situation.
We shaved Bryce's head the day before.
So today, I let Bryce shave my head.
And so, we do that.
Two years ago, really awesome video.
We were at Walmart goofin' around,
playin' around, came back home,
did some Just Dance,
did some jump rope in the house.
Just a really fun day with the kids.
So, check those out.
Annotations are clickable
links in the description below.
Be sure to follow me on your
social network of choice.
I prefer Twitter.
And we'll see you guys tomorrow.